---
layout: post
title:  "My Place"
date:   2016-08-26 11:32:16 -0500
anchor: my-place
nav-thumb: img/place.png
---
My wifi network is `Apps n' Zerts`, and the password is `allyourbacon`.

My bathroom door is hard to open because of air pressure! If you close it, you might get trapped in there. Pulling up on the handle sometimes helps. It’s really dumb. I usually just try not to close it all the way.

You can watch Netflix, Amazon Prime, or Hulu from the PS4. To turn it on:

- Press the center PS4 button on the controller
- Turn on the TV
- Select Savannah from the menu
- Scroll right to the TV icon & down to one of the streaming services


To turn it off:

- Hold down the PS4 button until the menu comes up
- Scroll all the way down to "shut off the PS4"
- Turn off the TV

If you are staying overnight, there are extra sheets and blankets in the closet, and clean towels in the bathroom cabinet. The closest grocery stores are Marianos, Trader Joe’s, and a Walmart. You can turn the air conditioner / heater on in the living room by adjusting the knob the under the metal flap. (The air conditioner / heater in the bedroom is very noisy and I don’t recommend it - but I also have the standing fan.)

Pye will probably try and wake you up for food & snuggles around 6 or 7am. If you want to sleep in, just kick her out of the bedroom and close the door. She will sit outside the door and cry for a while. Ignore her. Don’t let her in my closet -- she will chew up all my shoes. I have 3 coffee making contraptions: a french press, a pourover, and a bialetti.


<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:49.9074074074% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div><p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;"><a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BH2xJY4AssR/" style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none;" target="_blank">A photo posted by Savannah Million (@savmillion)</a> on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2016-07-14T20:44:27+00:00">Jul 14, 2016 at 1:44pm PDT</time></p></div></blockquote>
<script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>
